fix(curriculum): updating explanation for sort method in music player project (#53203)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/65a60b0b8b4f96085ac23463.md

---
id: 65a60b0b8b4f96085ac23463
title: Step 25
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-25
---

# --description--

In the example, if `a.name` is equal to `b.name`, then the function returns `0`. This means that nothing changes and the order of `a` and `b` remains the same.

```js
const fruits = [
  { name: "Apples", price: 0.99 },
  { name: "Blueberries", price: 1.49 },
  { name: "Grapes", price: 2.99 },
];

fruits.sort((a, b) => {
  if (a.name < b.name) {
    return -1;
  }

  if (a.name > b.name) {
    return 1;
  }

  return 0;
});
```

> Below your `if` statements, return the number `0` to sort the array in place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below your `if` statements, return the number `0` to leave the order of the two elements unchanged.
```

The `.sort()` method sorts the array in place.
